welcome everyone to my college night
routine i went to
4 15. guys nothing heartbreaking i'm
running late
[Music]
for almost every day of the week my last
class of the day is choir
if i just don't want to go on campus
again then i'll usually just grab my
food for dinner
while i'm down there i got a salad from
the garden place
this was the fit of the day we're about
to get into
some sweatpants what else did you expect
from me
now that wearing comfy clothes let's get
to making
snacks there's this big bowl of popcorn
i just popped i was experimenting with
the proportions on this one
and that made a lot
[Applause]
okay it's now about four o'clock i'm
gonna watch the show that i've been into
recently
parenthood let me know if you've ever
seen it i think it's pretty good today's
wednesday and it's
one of my long days this week where i
have five classes back to back and then
i
will tell you kind of the plan for
tonight because there's some exciting
things that you guys haven't seen me do
before so let's eat the popcorn
relax a little bit and watch the show
[Music]
so
and um i'm like guys i went to bed at 4
and i woke up at 5 15. and then like two
seconds later i'm like guys
i went at 4 15 and i started 5 15. my
camera
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
hey guys i hope you enjoyed the show
do you guys say shine dizzy shine are
she in because it's definitely
shine that's all i got but i always call
it shine just to
just with sophie just to agree with her
so that she doesn't throw up with it
i don't throw piss guys at 5 40 we have
a dance performance
i mean honestly they don't look bad i'm
terrible i can't pull it off yeah you
pull it off
do you guys like the bubble braids i did
on sophie today crunch to really real
i really really really really
you're just chilling out lounging around
basically my
second bed mm-hmm yeah we just feel like
we should just like address this
situation
do i look like because we just like hard
on all of us again
it was honestly heartbreaking like
really just
i can't do it okay guys miss kleila was
hanging out with but
come on cut that right now
i was hanging out with our friends and
you really do want to have fun
okay so i was like okay well i'll just
go ahead and give you my room key
at this point i'm locked down my room
riding's asleep as well
ashley is on a date yeah and and she
didn't get back till 5am yeah
so i was like hey frick so i just went i
just went to bed if you ever give your
friend a room key like
make sure they don't fall asleep moral
of the story
always have your own room don't trust me
with your writings
i like your shirt it looks cute and
comfy
what why are you laughing
oh why are you laughing wait should we
like start fighting
already what are you talking about why
are you laughing
riley just disappeared it's 4 30 now and
for some reason
i'm just so hungry i'm just eating my
dinner a little bit earlier than usual i
broke out the salad i got from the fresh
market i've been loving this dressing
it's the honey dijon by skinny girl i
also like their balsamic vinaigrette so
i have those too i have to start getting
ready soon for the dance performance
sophie and i were talking about that a
little bit we have a dance performance
tonight so i thought i'd bring you guys
along on the performance so
i'm gonna eat this and then get ready
baby it's a big dark world
you don't need to know about that don't
need to know about that
i'll protect you with my lies
just let me love you just look at her go
like in middle school when there was
like that one kid that was kind of weird
and then they'd run through the hallway
and they go like this yeah
gotta be somewhere gotta go i'm running
like a story of my life
okay i'm already gonna brush yeah
look at the sun let's go to now uh
headed to the performance we're supposed
to be there at 5 40 but
it's 5 44. i'm walking i'll just walk
fast
a little more info about this game we're
performing at it's a men's basketball
game and this is our second performance
of the semester we spent this wow
really out of breath we spent the entire
practice this morning cleaning the dance
we're gonna be performing so hopefully
it should go well i'm excited all right
let's go
[Music]
i just can't change my emotions
there isn't anything i wouldn't do
to prove that everything i say is true
[Music]
all thursday classes will be held online
good job guys that was really fun where
are you guys going oh the smoothness
we're getting aired out right now oh
yeah
the moon what the frick
it's so pretty
hey hello please me too
she told me mcguire
hardest recommendation lizzie mcalpine
is amazing i was just saying you were
just talking about it and then sophie
goes oh wait you're listening to lizzie
mcguire
like the girl from disney channel
i'm gonna give you a little updated room
to our little mini one so if he's gonna
take the camera yeah
because we've switched a few things
around so quick ready and okay
here we are recording live first of all
there are four beds in our room but we
only have three people staying here so
we did a little bunk bed action this is
the
bed we have the dressers right there
ashley coffeed me
she liked a little sofa a little date
okay
so there's our updated little room set
up thank you guys for watching
hello bishop
dude that it's so clear outside tell me
that cause i
know
[Music]
like generally attractive please please
stop me
[Music]
[Laughter]
you've waved at me while i walk on the
treadmill right okay that's the only
interaction that we've had
well it's nice to meet you
[Laughter]
riley's over here like let me get a
thumbnail guys
what should i do um
wait is it a night routine yeah do you
want like in the back and like with your
uh skincare what the fetch are you doing
that was so unnecessary it was like why
the crap
here's my reason for that yeah explain
to us sophie
you already posted the video you're
if i don't 200 000 hands dirty why would
i wash them
i don't know i actually actually wanted
to tell you what do you think
touch the door that nine thousand people
have tell us yeah sophie
i will not hold hands with you if you
don't watch your hair well like in
general
why i'm not scared to get the album no
matter what actually that was kind of
unnecessary
like for what reason i don't know
[Music]
[Applause]
guys
[Music]
so once i get in bed it's pretty much
chill time something i do every night
is journal i'll also look over my
schedule for the next stage as i have a
good idea of what is coming up so that i
can be prepared
it's 9 20 right now honestly i feel like
we go to bed really early
usually sophie and i have to get up
early in the morning for dance practice
because our dance practice starts at 6
i really hope you guys enjoyed this
week's video and today's night routine
i would love to film a video that goes
more depth on what it's like being
on my college's dance team i've got a
few questions about that
and i just know coming to the school and
wanting to be a part of sports it was
just something i
really would have liked more information
on so if that's something you're
interested let me know in the comments
make sure to follow me on instagram
riley reel and i will see you guys in
the next week's video bye guys
[Music]